#In the past 20 years, there has been an increase in interest in the social abilities of fish. Fish are hypothesized to have specialized cognitive processes that allow them to be successful, such as joint attention, complex social structures and bonds, and shared intentions. If fish can share information and engage in complex forms of cooperation, then group size should positively affect foraging behaviors. To evaluate this hypothesis, I conducted a meta-analysis on the relationship between group size and two specific behaviors related to feeding, consumption rate and foraging latency. I identified 138 articles by conducting a widespread search using distinct search terms and was able to extract effect sizes from 20 analyses from 14 papers. I then converted all effect sizes to Fishers Z, and ran a meta-analytical model using the Metacor package in the R software environment.  Due to the nature of meta-analysis, a wide range of species, and experimental and naturalistic experiments were evaluated. I found a strong correlation between group size and both consumption rate and foraging latency. My results support the hypothesis that fish have evolved complex socially intelligent behavior, especially in the context of extractive foraging.  By understanding the cognitive abilities of fish scientists are able to make more accurate hypotheses on the evolution of the cognition of vertebrates. Additionally it is important to understand fish cognition because of their use in research.

